Add private hosting + polish (#314)
chainstack/docs: docs/platform/manage-your-organizations-integrations.md

---
meta:
  - name: description
    content: Add and delete your organization's private cloud integrations
  - name: keywords
    content: private amazon aws cluster integration blockchain deploy kubernetes k8s
---

# Manage your organization's integrations

You can add the following Kubernetes clusters as an integration to deploy your nodes and networks to:

* [Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS)](https://aws.amazon.com/eks/)

> * [Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/kubernetes-service/)

Author: @easeev ?

> * [Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/kubernetes-service/)

Reviewer: I think the current list is good enough for now

* [Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine)
* Self-managed Kubernetes cluster.

While Chainstack supports Amazon EKS out of the box, to add other Kubernetes clusters, please <a href="https://chainstack.com/contact/" target="_blank">contact us</a>.

For instructions on how to set up your Amazon EKS cluster for Chainstack integration, see <a href="https://support.chainstack.com/hc/en-us/articles/900004174426" target="_blank">Setting up an Amazon EKS cluster to integrate with Chainstack</a>.

## Add Amazon EKS as an integration

1. On Chainstack, click <a href="https://console.chainstack.com/integrations" target="_blank">Integrations</a>.
1. Provide any name.
1. Under **Type**, select **Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service**.
1. Select the region where you have a deployed Amazon EKS service.

> 1. Provide the access key and secret of the user you have specifically created for the Chainstack integration.

Author: No, it's under `[Manage your organization's integrations](/platform/manage-your-organizations-integrations)`

> 1. Provide the access key and secret of the user you have specifically created for the Chainstack integration.

Reviewer 2: It says
> For instructions on how to set up your Amazon EKS cluster for Chainstack integration

But it does not mention that this KB article explains also IAM roles for a user with programmatic access. This would make me confused. I'd suggest mentioning the topics covered in the KB article, which includes setting up an AWS IAM user for Chainstack Integration, Node Groups sizing for supported protocols, and EKS cluster setup.

> 1. Provide the access key and secret of the user you have specifically created for the Chainstack integration.

Author: Okay, added.

1. Provide the Kubernetes namespace you have specifically created for the Chainstack integration.

> 1. Provide any domain name for the deployment. This domain name will be a part of your node's endpoint URL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Provide a domain name. This domain name will be used as a root domain name, and the nodes you deploy will be accessible via generated subdomain endpoint URL. 
```

Reviewer 2: Why did you ignore this suggestion?

1. Click **Add connection**.

> Once the integration is validated, you can use it to deploy your nodes and networks.

Reviewer 2: Should we tell how long this takes on average?

Author: I don't remember it taking too much time, so I wouldn't.

> Once the integration is validated, you can use it to deploy your nodes and networks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the integration is validated, which takes 5 minutes on average, you can use it to deploy your nodes and networks.
```

Author: I'd rather not.

## Delete an integration

1. On Chainstack, click <a href="https://console.chainstack.com/integrations" target="_blank">Integrations</a>.
1. Select an integration.

> 1. Click **Edit** > **Delete**.

Reviewer 2: We need to tell that deletion takes time and probably tell that we will delete all Chainstack-added pods, except for cert-manager, installed through helm

Author: It's relatively fast, so we don't need to complicate the instructions with the time.
